5-strand braid is two ordinary braids
tell me brady was brushing his hair to the side and
we divide on the one hand about the fifth
part of the hair and on the other hand the fifth
part of the central strand is divided into three
pieces and make two weave normal
braids thumb hold the top
strand your head on your index finger
we will throw the lower strand and add free
strand between index and large
fingers remove the lock of index
fingers and connect with the lower strand
thus, in both hands, two strands
now also hold your thumb
hi head
we will throw an extreme lock on index
we put the finger and the fifth strand between the big
and middle fingers
we connect the upper strand to the lower now
in the left hand are three strands
extremely strand we get under the bottom seize
her right hand and top attach
funnier now three strands on the extreme right
we get a lock under a bottom we seize
fingers of the left hand and connect the top
and the bottom strands repeat the movement on the left
extreme under the bottom captured with the right hand
connected upper and lower
now we start the strand under the bottom
grab the fingers of his left hand and
connect the top and bottom strands and so
continue weaving along the entire hair length
notice that we weave 100 hands in
which are three strands
in fact weave 2 reverse braids with general
strand extreme strand ponies captured her
index and middle fingers upper
and bottom strand and connected we finish
weaving and fasten the cashier by the eye
Of course the braid lags behind the ear they
for a long time
I wanted to show the technique itself
weaving the next video
braid of 5 strands braided combo up
nape